## Always review and ensure the following:

1. Single Responsibility Principle (SRP)
2. Open/Closed Principle (OCP)
3. Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP)
4. Interface Segregation Principle (ISP)
5. Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP)
6. DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself)
7. Low Coupling
8. High Cohesion
9. Separation of Concerns (SoC) & Modularity

## Rules to follow

- When approaching a defect or bug fix ALWAYS write a test first to validate the bug. That way, upon implementing the solution the test can be run to ensure the bug was eliminated.
- We should NEVER keep legacy or duplicate code. A refactor or update means refactoring to a clean state and not leaving behind bloat and obselete code.
- No underscores
- No regions

## Testing

- xUnit and Moq along with FluentAssertions
- Arrange Act Assert format
- If no // Arrange is required the next line should be // Act
- DO NOT use 'sut' or arbitrary names. Use ONLY the class name with exception of mocks such as 'mockClassName'
- Should_When_Returns format for test names
eg: Should_Set_Sliding_Issued_At_Time_When_Valid_Credentials_Expired_Or_Invalid_Returns_Logout
eg: Should_Check_Subscription_When_Customer_Claim_Found_Returns_Next_Or_Redirect
- [Fact] alone is considerable on small classes. TheoryData, MemberData and InlineData are highly encouraged. Writing negative test-cases is encouraged (ones that result in exceptions, etc.) 
- Tests should only Assert a singular item on one line.

## Platform / Project specific
- MessageBus should be instance based and not static for decoupling and testability